All right.
Time to test out the final test here.
We're going to make sure that we can make a change to all five of the services besides off.
And if we commit those changes, make a PR merge in the PR, we should see all five of these additional
services be updated inside of our cluster.
So we're going to essentially go through client expiration orders, payments and tickets, and we're
going to make one small, arbitrary change to each of them.
Let's start off first with client.
How about inside of client?
Let's change all about on pages.
Index JS.
How about on the h one right here?
Let's just change that to an h two.
So just a small, arbitrary change.
Yes.
That's one change down.
Next, I'm going to go to expiration.
Instead of expiration, I'm going to open up the index file very similar to the others.
Let's add in a little console.log.
At the very top of the start function.
There's a change to our expiration service.
Then inside of orders inside the index file allowed in another couple of dots to the starting message
that we had already added in.
Inside of payments.
Let's open the indexed file very similar to the others.
Let in a little starting.
Console.log at the top.
And then finally inside of tickets, open up our indexed file.
Yep.
You guessed it.
Same thing.
A little starting.
Console.log.
Okay.
So we now have changes made to five different services.
So if we now commit these, create the pull request, merge the pull request gets.
GitHub should detect that something inside of each of these folders has changed and it should run the
respective deployment files.
So let's go back over to our terminal.
We're going to change over to our def branch.
We'll see all five those changes.
Make sure you've got five changes right here.
We will add all those, commit them.
And then push to our debt branch once again.
Then back over on GitHub.
Almost the last time we have to do this.
Don't worry.
I know creating these pull requests gets kind of tiresome really quickly.
We're going to create a new pull request for the Def branch once again.
They'll select Dev and I'm going to try to merge Dev into master and I should see the commits that I
just made or really the one commit.
So I should have changes to client expiration orders, payments and tickets.
We're going to create this polar request.
I'll create it.
Now I can allow all these tests to run.
So I'm just going to hold for a second.
Let these tests run and finish up.
My tests are now complete, so I'm going to merge the polar request.
All right.
So now, once again, we can go back up to the top, take a look at actions.
Now we should be able to take a look at our workflows for deploy orders, payments, tickets, expiration
and client and see that all them have a running job.
Or we can just look at this main display right here as well.
So it looks like I'm running a job from client exploration tickets, payments and orders.
Now we can wait for 30 seconds or so.
Once again, we should see all these jobs go green.
If any of them fail, that means that there is definitely some configuration issue and you'll want to
take a look at the message.
You can click on the job.
It will give you some information on why the job failed, and you'll use that as the source to try to
debug this thing and figure out what is going on.
Now, if you tried to debug a failing job and you just don't have any idea what's going on and you need
help, I'd be happy to help you, but you got to link me to your repository.
I've got to see your code.
Make sure that your repository is public and provide me a link.
You can email it to me or post something in the queue and I'll take a look at these failing jobs and
hopefully be able to help you figure out what is going on.
Eventually all these jobs should go green, which means that hopefully we have successfully built the
images and deployed them off to our Kubernetes cluster.
So I'm then going to go back over to my terminal.
We're going to do another git pods and just make sure that we've got some latest versions of all these
images running.
All right.
It looks like I have an air or two right here.
Chances are that pod is still in the process of being deployed.
It looks like everything else is successfully running.
Now, if you have any pods that are persistently airing out, so do give it a minute or two to kind
of resolve and launch all these new pods.
But if after a couple of minutes it looks like everything is still crashing, I would encourage you
to take the name of the pod.
Let's say the expiration service one is crashing and do a little describe pod and then put in the name
of the pod when you run that command.
It'll then give you hopefully some reasons on why it is crashing.
Specifically in the event section down here.
The other thing you can do is pull logs off of a crashing pod so you can do a little logs and then put
the name of the pod in.
So something like.
Take the name.
But in the name.
And then you will hopefully see some information right here to help you understand exactly what is crashing.
All right.
So at this point, hopefully, again, after a couple of minutes, you eventually see all these different
prods running successfully.
That means that our application is up and running.
Yay!
That's exactly what we want.
Now, we cannot test this out just yet.
As a reminder, we still do need to get a domain name and register it or assign it to our Ingress Engine
X service.
So we still have a little bit of setup to go through here, but it looks like our cluster is more or
less ready to go.